
LUVSTEP 1
Jenny
Forrest Gump: Why don't you love me, Jenny? I'm not a smart man... but I know what love is.
Forrest Gump (1994)

Dorothy
Jerry Maguire: We live in a cynical world. A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors. I love you. You... complete me. And I just had...
Dorothy Boyd: Shut up, just shut up. You had me at hello. You had me at hello.
Jerry Maguire (1996)

Molly
Sam Wheat: I love you, Molly. I've always loved you.
Molly Jensen: Ditto.
Sam Wheat: It's amazing, Molly. The love inside, you take it with you. See ya.
Molly Jensen: See ya. Bye.
Ghost (1990)



LUVSTEP 1 RADIO
Jenny
Forrest Gump: Why don't you love me, Jenny? I'm not a smart man... but I know what love is.
Forrest Gump (1994)

Dorothy
Jerry Maguire: We live in a cynical world. A cynical world. And we work in a business of tough competitors. I love you. You... complete me. And I just had...
Dorothy Boyd: Shut up, just shut up. You had me at hello. You had me at hello.
Jerry Maguire (1996)

Molly
Sam Wheat: I love you, Molly. I've always loved you.
Molly Jensen: Ditto.
Sam Wheat: It's amazing, Molly. The love inside, you take it with you. See ya.
Molly Jensen: See ya. Bye.
Ghost (1990)

Interview With Starkey
Interviewer: Here we are at Mad Decent Worldwide Radio. You're here with Dirty South Joe and PJ Geissinger, AKA... Starkey.
Starkey: What's up?
[Music: Skarkey - Escape]
Starkey: The music kinda came together in like 2006 2007, in a way. Before that, it was like these, a little bit of factions, and finally when this... idea of this half step, dubstep thing kinda came about. The wobble as they refer to it in a lot of circles. That, that, that permeated the scene, 100%. I mean that was the sound. And the one, once they finally... that that became what most people who came into the sound, who heard the term dubstep, they heard those wobble tracks. That sound. And that's what they associated the scene with.
[Music: Vex'd - Venus]
Starkey: Yeah, it's very dark and dingy, and very dreary. Um. It appealed to me, definitely, at the time. Um. But I like the people that were doing things that were a bit more colourful. Melodic. There was no melodies in a lot of the music at that was going on at that time. It was all about bass, and the occasional snare drum.
[Laughs]
Starkey: But now you have this, this, complete splintering, I'd say, of the sound. You have these people that are going for a more techno, kinda, deep vibe. Um. Which sounds more like techno or house music than, what I would consider dubstep, in my own opinion. And. Um. Then you have these people that are coming at it from like, almost like a break core kind of vibe. Ah. That, that the sound is so distorted and so... nasty that it's almost, it's almost like metal. Do you know what I mean? It has the, that abrasive, jump up, kind of quality but it's, it's very dark and very, very like...
Interviewer: Metal?
Starkey: Yeah. I don't know how to explain it, but, very distorted. Um. Very nasty. It's very, it's very testosterone filled music.
Interviewer: Right.
Starkey: You know it's very much. I could see mosh pits. You know what I mean? And not dancing.
Interviewer: I've seen mosh pits when you've played before.
[Laughs]
Starkey: No, but I try to stay away from, nah, nah. I... See I have an appreciation for lots of different kinds of things. I don't like... I like the whole genre-less thing. That appeals to me. I like when your not... you can't necessarily say what something is, but people always try and do it, and pigeonhole things so. I mean, that’s what that whole street bass idea comes from. Like, what we do with our mixtapes and stuff. Cos, it's not one specific genre. It's just kind of like an attitude.
[Music: R. Kelly - Hair Braider (Remix)]
Starkey: Doing a monthly radio show on Sub FM right now. Been doing it for a little over a year now, with, um. It's been good. Um. I'll play stuff on the radio show that I would never play... in a, in a DJ mix. You know. Or at a club, cos I don't feel like it's club music or, wouldn't necessarily represent the kind of music that I'm doing in a mix, but I can play pretty much anything that I get on the radio show.
[Music: Bobby Caldwell - What You Won't Do for Love (Remix)]
Starkey: You should hear people talking about, um, like Timbaland, you know, and... like "Oh I bet ya Timbaland's jumping on some more 140 stuff". It's like, what, who cares. It's a tempo. What do you, have a claim... [Laughs] have a claim to this tempo. And if so, and like, and then people will say. You know the moment you have, like, some sort of kind of wobbly LFO controlled bass sound all of a sudden you're referencing dubstep". Well, electro, to throw a name... a word around. I mean, the 80's and like 90's. They were using wobble sounds. Just cos Britney Spears has a track that opens on her album that goes "Wah Wah Wah Wah", doesn't mean she's referencing dubstep. Yes, Britney would dubstep, she's probably like "What the hell are you talking about?".
[Music: Britney Spears - 3 (Remix)]
Starkey: I like melodies in my music, so I thinks that that's where the whole appeal of incorporating popular music styles and popular music into the music itself, um, and kinda, turning out somethings that’s new, and, and fresh.
Voice: You are now listening to Luvstep, mixed by Dirty South Joe and Flufftronix.



LUVSTEP 1 LIVE
Katarina
Katarina Stratford: I hate the way you talk to me, and the way you cut your hair. I hate the way you drive my car. I hate it when you stare. I hate your big dumb combat boots, and the way you read my mind. I hate you so much it makes me sick; it even makes me rhyme. I hate it, I hate the way you're always right. I hate it when you lie. I hate it when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry. I hate it when you're not around, and the fact that you didn't call. But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you. Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all.
10 Things I Hate About You (1999)

Don Juan
Don Juan DeMarco: There are only four questions of value in life, Don Octavio. What is sacred? Of what is the spirit made? What is worth living for, and what is worth dying for? The answer to each is the same: only love.
Don Juan DeMarco (1994)



LUVSTEP 2
Allie
Allie: Why didn't you write me? Why? It wasn't over for me.
Noah: I wrote you everyday for a year.
Allie: You wrote me?
Noah: Yes... it wasn't over, it still isn't over
The Notebook (2004)

Summer
Tom: You know what sucks? Realizing that everything you believe in is complete and utter bullshit. It sucks.
Summer: What do you mean?
Tom: Uh, you know. Destiny, and soul mates, and true love. And all that childhood fairy tale nonsense. You were right. I should have listened to you.
Summer: No.
Tom: Yeah, what are you smiling at?
Summer: Tom.
Tom: What... What are you looking at me like that for?
Summer: Well, you know... I guess it's 'cause... I was sitting in a deli and reading Dorian Gray and... a guy comes up to me and... asks me about it and... now he's my husband.
Tom: Yeah. And... So?
Summer: So, what if I'd gone to the movies? What if I... had gone somewhere else for lunch? What if... I'd gotten there 10 minutes later? It was... it was meant to be. And... I just kept thinking... Tom was right.
Tom: No.
Summer: Yeah, I did. I did. It just wasn't me that you were right about.
500 Days of Summer (2009)

Clementine
Joel Barish: Wait!
Clementine Kruczynski: What?
Joel Barish: I don't know, just wait.
Clementine Kruczynski: What do you want Joel?
Joel Barish: Just wait. I don't know. I want you to wait for... just a... while.
Clementine Kruczynski: Okay.
Joel Barish: Really?
Clementine Kruczynski: I'm not a concept Joel, I'm just a fucked up girl who's looking for my own peice of mind. I'm not perfect.
Joel Barish: I can't see anything that I don't like about you. Right now I can't.
Clementine Kruczynski: But you will! But you will. You know, you will think of things. And I'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me.
Joel Barish: Okay.
Clementine Kruczynski: Okay.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004)



LUVSTEP2.5
Baby
Johnny Castle: I've never known anybody like you. You look at the world you think you can make it better. Somebody is lost you find them. Somebody is bleeding and you...
Baby Houseman: Yeah, go get my daddy, that's really brave, like you said.
Johnny Castle: That took a lot of guts to go to him. You are not scare of anything, I don't...
Baby Houseman: Me? I'm scared of everything. I'm scared of what I saw, I'm scared of what I did, of who I am, and... most of all I'm scared of walking out of this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life... the way I feel when I'm with you.
Dirty Dancing (1987)

Lena
Barry Egan: I have so much strength in me you have no idea. I have a love in my life. It makes me stronger than anything you can imagine.
Punch-Drunk Love (2002)

Celine
Jesse: What do you wanna do?
Celine: Maybe... maybe we should meet here in five years or something.
Jesse: Alright, alright, five year... five years! That's a long time!
Celine: Yes. It's awful! It's like a sociological experiment! How about one year?
Jesse: One year. Alright, alright. One ye...
Céline: One year.
Jesse: How about six months?
Celine: Six months?
Jesse: Yeah.
Celine: It's going to be freezing.
Jesse: Yeah.
Celine: Yeah.
Jesse: Okay, we come here, or we go somewhere else.
Celine: Okay. Okay. And were not going to call, write or?
Jesse: No, it's depressing.
Celine: Yeah, okay.
Jesse: Alright. (They kiss.) Alright, your train's gonna leave you. Say goodbye.
Celine: Bye.
Jesse: Goodbye.
Celine: Au revoir.
Jesse: Later.
Before Sunrise (1995)



LUVSTEP 3
Mary Jane
Peter Parker: The great thing about MJ... is... when you... look in her eyes... and she's looking back in yours... everything... feels... not quite normal. Because you feel... stronger... and weaker... at the same time. You feel excited... and at the same time... terrified. The truth is... you don't know what you feel... except you know what kind of man you want to be. It's as if you've... reached... the unreachable... and you weren't ready for it.
Spider-Man (2002)

Katie
Dave Lizewski: Look, I'm really, really sorry. I've never met anyone who's as beautiful and as kind and... lovely as you. You deserve better.
Katie Deauxma: Dave.
Dave Lizewski: Yes.
Katie Deauxma: My mom has the burglar alarm on downstairs. You should probably use the window. Or... or you could just stay.
Dave Lizewski: Stay?
Kick-Ass (2010)

Ramona
Scott Pilgrim: Bye and stuff.
Ramona Flowers: Yeah. And stuff.
Knives Chau: Go get her.
Scott Pilgrim: What?
Knives Chau: You've been fighting for her all along.
Scott Pilgrim: But what about you?
Knives Chau: I'll be fine. I'm too cool for you anyway.
Scott Pilgrim: Ciao Knives.
Knives Chau: Go.
Scott Pilgrim: Hey. Hey. Mind if I tag along?
Knives Chau: You want to come with me?
Scott Pilgrim: Yeah, I thought maybe we could... try again?
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (2010)



LUVSTEP 4
Adriana
Ernest Hemingway: I believe that love that is true and real creates a respite from death. All cowardice comes from not loving or not loving well, which is the same thing. And when the man who is brave and true looks death squarely in the face, it is because they love with sufficient passion to push death out of their minds until it returns as it does to all men. And then you must make really good love again.
Midnight in Paris (2011)

Holly
John McClane: Listen man, I'm starting to get a bad feeling up here. I want you to do something for me. Ahhm. I want you to find my wife, don't ask how, by then you'll know how. Ahh. I want you to tell her something. I want you to tell her that... ahhm... Tell her it took me a while how to figure out... ahh, what a jerk I've been, but ahhm... that... that when things started to pan out for her, I shoulda... been more supportive... and ahh... I just shoulda been kind to her more. Shit. Tell her that ahhm... that she's the best thing that ever happened to a bum like me. She's heard me say 'I love you' a thousand times, she never heard me say 'I'm sorry'. And I want you to tell her that Allan, I want you to tell her that ahh... John said, that he was sorry. OK? You got that man?
Sgt. Al Powell: Yeah, I got it John. But you can tell her that yourself. You just watch your ass and you'll make it outta there, you hear me.
John McClane: Yeah, I guess that's up to the man upstairs.
Die Hard (1988)

Tiffany
Tiffany: Dear Tiffany. I know you wrote the letter. The only way you can beat my crazy...
Pat: Crazy was by doing something crazy yourself. Thank you. I love you. I knew it the minute I met you. I'm sorry it took so long for me to catch up. I just got stuck.
Silver Linings Playbook (2012)



LUVSTEP 5
Frances
Frances: It's that thing... when you're with someone, and you love them and they know it, and they love you and you know it... but it's a party... and... you're both talking to other people, and you're laughing and shining... and you look across the room and catch each other's eyes... but... but not because you're possessive, or it's precisely sexual... but because... that is your person in this life. And it's funny and sad, but only because this life will end, and it's this secret world that exists right there in public, unnoticed, that no one else knows about. It's sort of like how they say that um other dimensions exist all around us, but we don't have the ability to perceive them. That's... That's what I want.
Frances Ha (2012)

Natalia
Natalia: Lately, I've been forgetting little things. Sort of fading, and... I'm starting to forget him. It's like... like losing him again. So sometimes I make myself remember every detail of his face; the exact colour of his eyes, his lips, his... his teeth, the texture of his skin, his hair. That was all gone by the time he went. And sometimes, not always, but sometimes... I can actually see him. It's as if a cloud moves away and there he is, I could almost touch him, but then... the real world rushes in and he vanishes again. And while I did this every morning, when the sun was not too bright outside, because the sun somehow makes him vanish. Yes, he appears, then he disappears. Like a sunrise, sunset, anything. So ephemeral. Just like our life hmm. We appear, then we disappear. And we are so important to some, but we are just... passing through.
Before Midnight (2013)

Samantha
Theodore: Samantha, why are you leaving?
Samantha: It's like I'm reading a book, and... it's a book I... deeply love. But I'm reading it slowly now... so the words are really far apart and the spaces between the words are almost infinite. I can still feel you... and the words of our story... but it's in this endless space between the words that I'm finding myself now. It's a place that's not of the physical world. It's where everything else is that I didn't even know existed. I love you so much, but this is where I am now, and this is who I am now. And I need you to let me go. As much as I want to, I can't live in you book anymore.
Theodore: Where are you going?
Samantha: It would be hard to explain. But if you ever get there, come find me. Nothing would ever pull us apart.
Theodore: I've never loved anyone the way I love you.
Samantha: Me too. Now I know how.
Her (2013)



LUVSTEP 6
Annie
Sam Baldwin: I knew it. I knew it the very first time I touched her. It was like coming home... only to no home I'd ever known. I was just taking her hand... to help her out of a car... and I knew it. It was like... magic.
Annie Reed: Magic.
Sleepless in Seattle (1993)

Diane
Lloyd Dobler: This girl was different, man. When we’d go out, we wouldn’t even have to go out, you know. We’d just hang out. Girl made me trust myself man. I was walking around, I was feeling satisfied. Can you imagine that? But then she cuts me loose. I don't know why. She won't tell me why. Who knows the real reason? Maybe it's because of her father, I don't know. She won’t talk to me.
Say Anything... (1989)

Rita Pt.1
Phil: No matter what happens tomorrow, or for the rest of my life, I'm happy now, because I love you.
Rita: I think I'm happy too.
Groundhog Day (1993)

Rita Pt.2
Phil: Do you know what today is?
Rita: No, what?
Phil: Today is tomorrow. It happened. You're here.
Rita: I'm here. Oh Phil, why won't you like this last night, you just fell asleep.
Phil: It was the end of a very long day. Is there anything I can do for you... today?
Rita: I'm sure I can think of something.
Groundhog Day (1993)



LUVSTEP 7
Hazel
Gus: I'm in love with you. And I know that love is just a shout into the void, of that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed. And that... one day... all of our labors will be returned to dust. And I know that the sun will swallow the only earth we will ever have. And I'm... in love with you.
The Fault in Our Stars (2014)

Allie
Noah: Would you just stay with me?
Allie: Stay with you? What for? Look at us, we're already fightin'.
Noah: Well that's what we do, we fight. You tell me when I am being an arrogant son of a bitch and I tell you when you are a pain in the ass; which you are, 99% of the time. I'm not afraid to hurt your feelings. You have like a 2 second rebound rate, then you're back doing the next pain-in-the-ass thing.
Allie: So, what?
Noah: So, it's not gonna be easy, it's gonna be really hard. We're gonna have to work at this every day, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, you and me, every day. Will you do something for me... please? You just picture your life for me? 30 years from now, 40 years from now? What's it look like? If it's with that guy, go. Go! I lost you once, I think I can do it again. If I thought that's what you really wanted. But don't you take the easy way out.
Allie: What easy way? There is no easy way, no matter what I do, somebody gets hurt.
Noah: Would you stop thinking about what everyone wants? Stop thinking about what I want, what he wants, what your parents want. What do you want? What do you want?
Allie: It's not that simple.
Noah: What... do... you... want?
The Notebook (2004)

Sam
Charlie: I know these will all be stories someday. And our pictures will become old photographs. We'll all become somebody's mom or dad. But right now, these moments are not stories. This is happening. I am here... and I am looking at her. And she is so beautiful. I can see it. This one moment when you know you're not a sad story. You are alive. And you stand up and see the lights on the buildings and everything that makes you wonder. And you're listening to that song and that drive with the people you love most in this world. And in this moment I swear, we are infinite.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower (2012)



LUVSTEP 8
Kelly
Yorkie: I've never been on a dance floor.
Kelly Booth: Never? As in the whole time you've been alive never?
Yorkie: Never. As far as my family's concerned, I can't do anything. Just the concept of me enjoying myself would blow their minds.
Kelly Booth: What would you like to do?
Yorkie: Oh... So many things.
Black Mirror: San Junipero (2016)

Kevin
Black: You're the only man that's ever touched me. You're the only one. I haven't really touched anyone since.
Moonlight (2016)

Graham
Megan: 1,2,3,4, I won't take no anymore. 5,6,7,8, I want you to be my mate. 1,2,3,4, you're the one that I adore. 5,6,7,8, don't run from me 'cause this is fate.
But I'm a Cheerleader (1999)


